Solo Check Up:


How are you feeling?
*In all honesty, I am actually feeling really great! With life in general, I am happy and I absolutely love life. I am so grateful that I have finally found exactly what I want to do, and so far everything is falling into place. I was pretty stressed a few weeks back though, worrying that I wasn't going to finish my Sprints in time for bootcamp but here I am in Sprint 8 with still another 4 weeks until bootcamp.*
How much good quality sleep have you gotten lately?
*Well, I suffer from Sleep Apnoea so before I started getting treatment for that I was in a very dark place, not sleeping which took a huge toll on my mood, and lifestyle. But with treatment now I am in the best place I have ever been. Who would've thought a lack of sleep could affect you so much. In terms of the amount of good quality sleep I have had - I have been getting pretty good sleeps, but having a few very late nights here and there (making the most of going out and partying before bootcamp!) but I manage to recover from those reasonably well.*
How much have you missed in total, your accumulated "sleep debt", during the course? Is it more than 10 hours? More than 20? How is the quality of your sleep? Are you waking feeling rested? Have you had your first "code dream" yet?
*Oh I don't think I have lost a large amount of sleep due to the course, I feel like that might change with bootcamp, but certainly not with Phase-0. Quality of my sleep varies, but recently its been okay. I still occasionally wake feeling tired but isnt that what coffee is for?! No I haven't had a code dream yet and I hope I don't!*
Turn your attention to your body. How kind have you been to yourself physically since the start of the course? Are you eating well, or poorly? Are you over or under-eating? Getting any fresh air and exercise?
*Yes definitely, if anything, this course has made me more physically active. I don't cope sitting for hours and hours on end so when I get the chance to have a break I look after myself by getting out and doing exercise. I will be joining Jett's Fitness when I come to Bootcamp so I can head there on my lunch breaks etc. I'm eating well, I've cut carbs (well mostly) out of my diet and I feel so much better for it. Yes, I ensure I get plenty of exercise and fresh air.*
Think about your affairs outside the course. Are there things weighing on your mind that could be taken care of with a bit of attention devoted to them? A phone call you've put off making, or a bill that needs paying?
*Well while doing Phase-0 I have been working lots. I started with Full Time calf rearing on a farm until mid September, then I have now taken on looking after my 95 year old gran 4 days a week - its pretty full on, shes getting early onset dementia and she needs 24/7 care, so I look after her overnight to. Thats taken a big toll on me because it's definitely thrown me out of routine, I haven't slept in my own bed in weeks. Because if I am not in Hamilton with her, I am babysitting every other night - but this week is the last week for all of that so I can prepare myself for bootcamp.
I will be moving from Cambridge to Auckland on the 5th of January and I am lucky enough to be able to live with my cousins who have a spare room for those 12 weeks. Feeling pretty gutted though that I have to leave my puppy behind with my family while I am in Auckland. Overall, I am coping fine, but I am the type of person who thrives when i'm in a good routine - and lately I haven't been so I hope that will change before bootcamp.*
How are you feeling emotionally?
*If I said I was fully on top of the course work I would definitely be lying. I am struggling with it - theres A LOT to learn, but I believe that I can do it. I am feeling happy aside from that - but yes I have had times where I feel like I am the only one who is struggling with the work and that i'm not good enough. But I am managing to get through, and I know that we will have lots of support at bootcamp so I am not worried about that :)*
